
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that has meaning
    2. What is HTML used for?
        To provide structure  
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides more information about an element and it is put at the opening
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is the main header on the page and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a and img 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        title, scripts, styles and meta information
    7. What is an id? 
        specifies a unique for an html element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        h1-h6 div section 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an html element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        it can be used on any html element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        as many as you need  
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        provides alternative information if image cannot be displayed or for screen readers  
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section separates different themes and information on a page whereas a div is a container
    inside of a sectin that separates elements to then provide styles to 
    17. What is CSS used for?
     to stylize a html page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
        color: example;
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used more than once.
        <div id=column> <p class=lower>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        "." <h1 class=rule>
    .rule{

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     child selector is used to match elements which are child of a specified element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{

        }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        selects elements that are in a specific state 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line height property 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: lowercase,capitalize,uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{

        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm .. because it does not give a warning and it cannot be retrieved 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to track changes during software development 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes or after a major change 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
         fork
         add TL as collaborator 
         clone (copy url)
         use cd command to go to desired directory
         use git clone 'link' to clone repo
         cd into newly created repo
         use git checkout -b 'mateo-heredia' to create branch name 
         git add . 
         git commit -m "helpful message"
         push changes back up to github repo
         git push -u mateo-heredia
         submit a pull request 
          

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

